MATTHEW WEIHL | RESUME
mattdweihl@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/mattweihl | github.com/mattweihl

OBJECTIVE
Passionate full-stack software engineer with extensive experience in diverse programming languages, frameworks, and
tools. Eager to bring my strong leadership and technical expertise to a challenging role that encourages innovative
problem-solving and the delivery of high-quality software solutions.

SKILLS
Languages: JavaScript, Python, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Java, C++
Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL
Frameworks: React, Django, NodeJS, Webpack, Spring Boot, Qt, Docker, Linux
Developer Tools: Git, Jenkins, SonarQube, Amazon Web Services

EXPERIENCE
Software Developer - Travel

August 2022 – Present

U.S. News and World Report
Washington, D.C.
• Collaborate with product and editorial teams to support travel.usnews.com.
• Develop new features and components for React based frontend and Travel CDA (Content Delivery Application) Django
web application. Also support development of Travel DMS Django application, which is used by editors as the main CMS
for the Travel website.
• Collaborate with designer and product team to implement new designs and incorporate feedback in response to user
testing.
• Developed and implemented redesigns for the Best Hotels pages on Travel, coordinating with the product team to support
A/B testing of changes.
• Technologies: React, JavaScript, Python, Django, AWS

Software Engineer - Rotary and Mission Systems

July 2018 – August 2022

Lockheed Martin
Manassas, Virginia
• Designed and developed a display application for classifying system data, leading the design of messages for
communication between backend interfaces and frontend displays.
• Implemented a TCP/IP-based external interface for seamless communication between the main system and an external
sensor.
• Led design and development of a React web application for analyzing and visualizing acoustic data, assisting in the
creation of REST APIs implemented in Java/Spring Boot.
• Served as a Scrum Master, coordinating with the Product Owner and Program Management to plan feature development
and resolve technical and non-technical roadblocks.
• Technologies: React, JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, C++, Qt, Spring Boot

Intern - Collaboration Team
ALSAC/ St Jude Children’s Research Hospital
• Developed a mailroom application to streamline user requests for event supplies.
• Created a workflow for emailing department feedback from internal company SharePoint CMS.
• Assisted in the execution of migrating SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013.
• Trained interns and employees in SharePoint development.

May 2017 – April 2018
Memphis, Tennessee

EDUCATION
University of Memphis
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Memphis, TN
August 2014 – May 2018